JayZ (Diss)

Come on! Woo!
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Mac, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
The takeover, the break's over nigga
God MC, me, Jay-Hova
Hey lil' soldier you ain't ready for war, R.O.C. too strong for y'all
It's like bringin' a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire with your thin-ass vest
You bringin' them Boyz II Men, how them boys gon' win?
This is grown man B.I., get you rolled into triage biatch, your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucker
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet the navy
Niggas'll kidnap your babies, spit at your lady
We bring knife to fistfight, kill your drama
Uh, we kill you motherfuckin' ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to you dunny 'cause I overdo it
So you won't confuse it with just rap music
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
M-Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out! We run New York)
I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little fuck, I got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushin' weight, back in '88
You was a ballerina I got your pictures I seen ya
Then you dropped "Shook Ones" switch your demeanor
Well, we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella, students of the game, we passed the classes
Nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let 'em gas you like Jigga is ass and won't clap you
Trust me on this one, I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
No, you're not on my level get your brakes tweaked
I sold what your whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov'
Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov', no!
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
B. Sigel, we runnin' this rap shit
M-Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out! We run New York)
I know you missin' all the (fame!)
But along with celebrity comes 'bout 70 shots to your frame
Nigga, you a (lame!)
You's the fag model for Karl Kani, Esco ads
Went from, Nasty Nas to Esco's trash
Had a spark when you started, but now you're just garbage
Fell from top ten to not mentioned at all
To your bodyguard's Oochie Wally verse better than yours
Matter fact you had the worst flow on the whole fuckin' song
But I know the sun don't shine, then son don't shine
That's why you're (lame!) Career come to a end
There's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Nigga, you ain't live it you witnessed it from your folks pad
You scribbled in your notepad and created your life
I showed you your first tec on tour with Large Professor (me, that's who!)
Then I heard your album 'bout your tec on the dresser
So yeah, I sampled your voice, you was usin' it wrong
You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song
And you ain't get a coin nigga you was gettin' fucked and
I know who I paid God, Serchlite Publishing
Use your (brain!) You said you been in this ten
I've been in it five, smarten up Nas
Four albums in ten years nigga? I can divide
That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due
One was nah, the other was "Illmatic"
That's a one hot album every ten-year average
And that's so (lame!) Nigga switch up your flow
Your shit is garbage, but you try and kick knowledge?
(Get the fuck outta here!) You niggaz gon' learn to respect the king
Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen
Because you know who (who) did you know what (what)
With you know who (yeah) but just keep that between me and you for now
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
M-Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out! We run New York)
A wise man told me don't argue with fools
'Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
So stop with that childish shit, nigga I'm grown
Please leave it alone, don't throw rocks at the throne
Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you
I don't know why your advisors ain't forewarn you
Please, not Jay, he's, not for play
I don't slack a minute, all that thug rappin' and gimmicks
I will end it, all that yappin' be finished
You are not deep, you made your bed now sleep
Don't make me expose you to them folks that don't know you
Nigga I know you well, all the stolen jewels
Twinkletoes you breakin' my heart
You can't fuck with me go play somewhere, I'm busy
And all you other cats throwin' shots at Jigga
You only get half a bar, fuck y'all niggaz (come on!)

22 twos Jayz (Freestyle)

Yo, wassup everybody, this is Maria Davis, Mad Wednesdays
We here tonight to have a good time (yo, start the show, start the show!)
Wait a minute, I see my man over there, Jay-Z
Jay-Z, Dame Dash, let me hear that lil' tape of yours, and it's phat
Why don't you come up here and kick a lil' freestyle?
Put that champagne down, and kick a lil' freestyle for me tonight (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Y'all motherfuckers must've heard that track called, "Quest shit"
Let's do it again
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Well, I'm gone
Check this out
Too much West Coast dick lickin'
And too many niggas on a mission, doin' your best Jay-Z rendition
Too many rough motherfuckers, I got my suspicions
That you're just fish in a pool of sharks, nigga, listen
Too many bitches wanna be ladies, so if you a ho
I'ma call you a ho, too many bitches are shady
Too many ladies give these niggas too many chances
Too many brothers wanna be lovers, don't know what romance is
Too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances
No question, Jay-Z got too many answers
I been around this block too many times
Rocked too many rhymes, cocked too many .9s, too
To all my brothers, it ain't too late to come together
'Cause too much black and too much love, equal forever
I don't follow any guidelines 'cause too many niggas ride mine
So I change styles every two rhymes
Hah, what the fuck
That's 22 two's for y'all motherfuckers out there, you nah mean?
Shall I continue?
Check it out, what?
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Well, I'm gone
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Copped to reach my quota, push rock, roll up smooth like on ya
Whole groove like hold-up, swoll up
Too many faggot niggas clockin' my spendin'
Exercisin' your gay-like minds like Richard Simmons
If you could catch Jay right, on the late night
Without the eight, right, maybe you could test my weight, right
I dip, spit quicker than you ever seen
Administer pain, next the minister's screamin' your name
At your wake as I peek in, look in your casket
Feelin' sarcastic, "Look at him, still sleepin'"
You never ready, forever petty minds stay petty
Mine's thinkin' longevity until I'm 70
Livin' heavenly, fuck, felony after felony, what?
Nigga, you broke, what the fuck you going to tell me?
Jay-Z, Jay-Z, now you know this is a phat track (aight)
Now this is comin' on your new album
On Roc-A-Fella records in '96? (No doubt, no doubt)
Well, it is definitely the bomb
But you know, I do wanna say somethin' to you
I know you've been havin' a lot of problems with the law
But I know you innocent, and I'm behind you one hundred percent
Mad Wednesdays, Ruby King, DJ Ace, Dame Dash, Roc-A-Fella Records
We all behind you, you can come back any time (hah, thanks a lot)
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute
Ace, turn that music down, I smell some reefer
Now you see? That's why our people don't have anything
Because we don't know how to go in places and act properly (hey, shut the fuck up!)
Wait a minute, wait a minute, who told me shut the eff up?
Who told me to shut the eff up? Get him out of here
I'm not gonna continue this show, until you throw him out
Get him out right now, then I'ma continue my speech
Thank you, he's out of here now, now like I was sayin'
We gotta build our own businesses
We gotta get our own record companies goin' like Roc-A-Fella Records
We got to put money back into our own community